content/about/_index.md, before:

---
title: "About Our Band"
description: "The History and Mission of Nordonia High School Marching Band"
featured_image: ""
menu: main
---

## Mission & Vision
The Nordonia High School Marching Band is dedicated to fostering musical excellence, personal growth, and community spirit. Through engaging performances and rigorous musical training, the band inspires students to embrace teamwork, leadership, and a commitment to excellence.

## History
Established in 1961 alongside Nordonia High School in Macedonia, Ohio, the Nordonia Marching Band has grown into a respected program recognized for its creativity and competitive success.

### Notable Recent Milestones
- **2021:** Introduced "Knight Lights," a creative halftime show featuring innovative LED lighting effects.
- **2023:** Premiered new uniforms and performed "A Day in Paris," earning qualification for state competitions for the 11th consecutive year.
- **2024:** Presented "Bend Dont Break," a visually impactful show highlighting resilience through unique visual props and music.

## Leadership

- **Eric Vasquez, Head Director**  
  Serving since 2023, Mr. Vasquez is a Kent State alumnus who previously contributed as assistant director and staff member since 2017.

- **Tom Weaver, Former Director**  
  Led the program for over a decade, significantly advancing the bands reputation and success.

- **Mary Schrembeck, Middle School Director**  
  Focuses on developing younger musicians to ensure a strong future for the high school program.

The Nordonia High School Marching Band proudly continues its tradition of musical achievement, community involvement, and student enrichment.

Commit message:

Add navigation menu structure and initial content
- Created menus.toml with main navigation structure
- Added Programs section with subsections
- Created content for About, Calendar, Photos, and Alumni sections
- Added placeholder content for all program subsections
- Fixed duplicate menu entries

content/about/_index.md, after:

---
title: "About"
description: "About the Westwind Band Program"
date: 2024-07-12
draft: false
---

# About Our Band Program

Welcome to the Westwind Band Program! We are dedicated to fostering musical excellence, personal growth, and community engagement through our comprehensive band program.

Our program has a rich history of musical achievement and community involvement. Led by a team of dedicated educators and supported by passionate parents and community members, we strive to provide students with exceptional musical experiences that will last a lifetime.

## Our Mission

To inspire and educate students through music, developing not only their musical talents but also important life skills such as teamwork, discipline, leadership, and creativity.

## Our Values

- **Excellence**: Striving for the highest standards in music education and performance
- **Inclusion**: Creating a welcoming environment for all students
- **Growth**: Fostering personal and musical development
- **Community**: Building strong relationships among students, parents, staff, and the broader community

Please explore our website to learn more about our various programs and how you can get involved!

---
title: "About Our Band"
description: "The History and Mission of Nordonia High School Marching Band"
featured_image: ""
menu: main
---

## Mission & Vision
The Nordonia High School Marching Band is dedicated to fostering musical excellence, personal growth, and community spirit. Through engaging performances and rigorous musical training, the band inspires students to embrace teamwork, leadership, and a commitment to excellence.

## History
Established in 1961 alongside Nordonia High School in Macedonia, Ohio, the Nordonia Marching Band has grown into a respected program recognized for its creativity and competitive success.

### Notable Recent Milestones
- **2021:** Introduced "Knight Lights," a creative halftime show featuring innovative LED lighting effects.
- **2023:** Premiered new uniforms and performed "A Day in Paris," earning qualification for state competitions for the 11th consecutive year.
- **2024:** Presented "Bend Dont Break," a visually impactful show highlighting resilience through unique visual props and music.

## Leadership

- **Eric Vasquez, Head Director**  
  Serving since 2023, Mr. Vasquez is a Kent State alumnus who previously contributed as assistant director and staff member since 2017.

- **Tom Weaver, Former Director**  
  Led the program for over a decade, significantly advancing the bands reputation and success.

- **Mary Schrembeck, Middle School Director**  
  Focuses on developing younger musicians to ensure a strong future for the high school program.

The Nordonia High School Marching Band proudly continues its tradition of musical achievement, community involvement, and student enrichment.
